hey you guys what's up and welcome back
to the small a news channel today we are
going to do another review I love doing
these videos you guys always request
them we're gonna be reviewing Sophie
gains by brains she has a YouTube
channel Instagram she puts a lot of
fitness content nutrition content and
she just posted a full day of eating
plus four current body recom and
intermittent fasting stuff so I thought
it'd be a really good opportunity to
look at her and talk about what she's
eating from a health perspective from a
would this be good for petite women
perspective I also really like her so
I'm excited to watch this video with you
guys and chat about it and also if you
guys missed the macros workshop we had
on Saturday it was incredible if you
want to look at the replay and learn
about how you can count macros what
macros are how to find your right
numbers all that stuff you can buy the
replay of it now it's available on my
website go ahead and check the link in
the description if you are curious if
you want to have the replay of the
workshop and the workbook and all that
stuff it's now available in case you
missed it and you're like damn I really
wanted to go to that so you can check it
out in the description below okay
[Music]
like watching videos itself you know
what I eat in a day video I'm gonna be
so fasting intermittently I've been
doing so for years
and I'm eating intuitively since I'm on
a body Rica I should start by eating
window at 12 and then I'll eat or I'll
consume
oh my kind of Easter for eight
consecutive hours so my eating a window
and okay so she's just jumping into
talking about her current goals one
thing I love about her is she has like a
really long-term approach to her goals
it seems to me she does do like the
traditional bulk cut thing but right now
what she's doing currently is actually
what I teach a lot which is eating at
your maintenance level calories so
you're not dieting and working on a body
recomposition basically over time you
focus on progressive overload that's
exactly what I teach you guys we always
talk about progressive overload right so
making sure you're increasing your
weights and the gym just eating at your
maintenance calories so you're not
restricting you're not dieting you're
just eating a high-protein diet and
you're building muscle over time which
builds your metabolism and in three to
six months you should see an increase in
muscle mass aka an increase in your
metabolism and then also a reduction in
body fat just eating it you're eating
this level so let's see what else she
has to say about this if anything and
then wants to talk about intermittent
fasting I'm currently on my buddy Rico
buttery comet is basically a very eat at
maintenance and then you focus on
getting enough dietary protein in as
protein is one of the main stimulants of
muscle protein synthesis and then you
focus on progressively overloading your
muscles in the gym and then over time
your body composition will gradually
change which means that your body fat
percentage will go down and your lean
muscle tissue will go up which is why it
is called a buddy Rico usually line Mack
all right set out if I face is on and
let's make some coffee when I'm intimate
fasting I do drink coffee I cannot drink
that coffee because
it's just I tried to put it okay so I
want to talk about intermittent fasting
with you guys a really long time ago I
made a video where I tried intermittent
fasting during that time it must have
been one or two years ago I would I try
to extreme window the window that she is
doing so let's back it up for a second
intermittent fasting is when you only
eat during a smaller shortened window
during the day
for example she does a 16-8 so aren't
8:16 so she eats from 12 p.m. to 8 p.m.
she doesn't eat our window where she
consumes calories and all the rest of
the time so from 8 p.m. to 12 p.m. the
next day she fast she does not eat
anything and when you sleep you're in a
natural fasted state but then if you
know she's waking up and going you know
skipping breakfast essentially all the
way until noon when she eats so that's
what intermittent fasting is now there
are a lot of developing studies still
there's a lot of studies that show can
be beneficial especially for men there
are studies that show can be beneficial
not from a weak just a weight loss and a
metabolism standpoint but for your gut
health it can help to give your
digestive system a break from breaking
down food and clear things out or some
it can help with weight loss I want to
talk about this and focus on this a
little bit because this is a more I
think is this something I didn't realize
you know when I first heard about it
years ago it's not just restricting or
changing your calories you have to also
understand that when you change your
calories when you change you know the
amount of time we are not consuming it's
going to affect your hormones and
everything in your body it's not just
about eating food when you eat food a
huge chain of reactions happen with the
release of hormones you know your
adrenals your the the glands all over
your body it totally affects your
hormones and that's why for women there
are some studies that show that it can
be a little bit more difficult to
tolerate and it really depends on the
individual I can't speak to them really
depends on the individual and if they
are already hormonal II pretty stable
and healthy it can be tough if you have
autumn
problems or issues to do intermittent
fasting some of the studies have shown
maybe stay clear of it if you are a
healthy individual you don't have signs
of hormonal issues you have a regular
period chronic stress is not a huge
factor in your life you might be a good
candidate for intermittent fasting I
would recommend not doing the 816 that
she's doing so a 16 hour window is a
really long time to go without food it's
definitely not meant to just you're not
meant to just do that you should build
up to that for a long time before you're
doing that so if he has been doing it
for years so she can her body's like
very well trained for it when other
women do this they can lose their period
like I said your hormones are pretty
delicate thing and intermittent fasting
can affect them so that being said just
because you can't or maybe shouldn't do
the 16 hour window it doesn't mean you
can't so incorporate elements of
intermittent fasting into your lifestyle
you can do a shorter window and that's
what I do and that's what I teach my
clients so we do a 12 hour fasting
window so you have 12 hours between your
dinner and your breakfast that way you
still get the benefits two studies show
of the intermittent fasting so if it's
your gut health it can improve your
insulin it can improve your metabolism
but you're not stretching it out so far
that you're really testing your body and
affecting your hormones so pretty much a
12-hour window is pretty well tolerated
by almost everyone and that's where I
would start if I were you and if you if
that is crazy for you never go to
extreme if you need to start it from for
eight to ten hour window that's totally
fine and work up to 12 the goal is just
don't just go from whatever you're doing
now to suddenly not eating and skipping
breakfast you know take a look at your
current lifestyle what your natural
window is and maybe increase it by an
hour and see how you feel that's my
advice on that oh I should also say that
you don't have to do it every day to get
the benefits you can do it maybe 2 to 3
times where we could choose choose
a couple days a week to do it 12 to 14
hour fast and see how your body
tolerates it you can drink coffee on it
you know as long as there's no calories
in coffee it's just water so you can
have black coffee when you wake up but
that leads me to my next point which is
drinking caffeine on an empty stomach
so let's talk about if this is healthy
so in the functional you know functional
medicine dietitian realm of things and
talked a lot about adrenal fatigue and
chronic fatigue what they mean and I
don't know if you've ever heard of this
but what they're talking about is how
your adrenal glands they produce
cortisol when you're stressed and coffee
itself cannot you know contribute
medically to adrenal fatigue there's not
like perfect evidence of that however
coffee can contribute to chronic stress
and chronic stresses like - cortisol
levels and cortisol is a stress hormone
so when we're really stressed from
anything it could be from dieting
relationships it could be from not
sleeping enough we have higher levels of
cortisol in the system and that is a
hormone that keeps you from burning fat
caffeine is like extremely individual
the way people react to it I don't drink
coffee as you guys know I'm a mature
girl but it's not the coffee's bad it's
just people have very different
reactions to it so you always want to
think about like the context of your
goals and how your body responds to
things and also look at the studies and
ask professional that's really just you
know experiment make informed decisions
that are based on studies and see how
your body responds to it so let's go
back to it
it's time for the first meal of the day
and we're going to make an cakes for
young Koreans you need clothes any type
of milk I'm using oat milk baking powder
one ripe banana two eggs cinnamon or
cookie spices that's what I'm using and
once protein the protein is optional you
can also add an extra banana instead I'm
using the ice away in a little safer fly
woman's best which is my current
favorite so that I'm going to mix
everything up and then finish okay so
this is a really fun food she you know
she's what I like about this is that
she's not just eating like chicken
broths and spinach because that gets
really boring right
but she's finding ways to enjoy her food
and make it like fun
cook it herself make it a moment that
really at least for me and my clients
when you really pay attention to eating
foods that make you happy but are still
healthy you have better long-term
long-term outcome so in terms of eating
PFF which is protein healthy fats and
fibrous carbs she has all of them in
this meal which is great she has her
protein from protein powder so it's not
a natural source of protein but it will
take it it's good to have protein in
every meal like she said like I'm saying
having that goal of gaining muscle and
losing fat you got to keep her protein
high so she's probably having about 30
grams of protein this meal there's a
little protein in the egg whites she's
getting her healthy fats from the egg
yolks and also the nut butter that I
think she's putting on top and then
she's getting fiber from the blueberries
and the banana so this is a good meal
this is really balanced this is gonna
keep her in a fat-burning mode she you
know it's not just a car B breakfast
that will cause your blood sugar to be
crazy so it's really balanced it looks
really yummy and
I would definitely eat this spinning
workout it was quite chewy well second
that's classic made a cook's upper body
but you don't always have to have the
highest as you work out moving I love
that so if you said that it's really
like it's a huge mindset shift but it's
not about burning as many calories as
possible during a session if you really
want to have long-term results you have
to start looking at your whole lifestyle
and not just the gym being a time where
you go as hard as fast as possible to
burn as many calories as possible
because your metabolism doesn't benefit
from that well your metabolism benefits
from is getting daily movement in and
also from building lean muscle and
overtime this has a better metabolic
effects than just going to the gym and
doing tons of cardio and pounding your
joints and doing hip workouts so I love
that she said like it's sometimes it's
just about moving and having fun and
it's not about you know being drenched
in sweat every time you work out which
is working on moving and getting your
blood flowing and also building strength
and that's gonna have much better
long-term results and effects then you
know burning yourself out doing cardio
every day
[Applause]
[Music]
I just get that but this is a great meal
let's talk about which she can improve
it because it's more like a snack
probably not a lot of calories so she's
getting her fiber in from the avocados
avocados are a fat but they're high in
fiber so you get the healthy fats from
the avocado and you also get the fiber
from the avocado I also love that she's
cooking with really easy things that
make food taste so much better like
lemon juice and citrus spices those help
make food taste so much better and it
can take really plain food like toasted
avocado to like a much finer place with
the chili flakes and the spices and the
lemon citrus so I like that aspect in
terms of the bread bread is totally fine
I personally would want maybe a higher
protein bread or just some more
nutritionally dense bread such as an
easy keel bread a sprouted bread I love
Dave's killer bread you guys probably
heard me talk about that all this month
Whole Foods now has it so yeah I would I
would say this is a good snack maybe not
a meal is probably not over 200 calories
and she's probably not gonna stay full
but that being said this might be a
snack for her because she's eating from
12 to 8 which I think she's gonna do
multiple smaller meals
I would not snack throughout the day if
you have a full day I'd have bigger
meals and give your body time between
meals to you know digest fully but this
is her way of doing it she's been doing
it for many years provides adjusted so
it's not really better or worse it's
just how she does it you can achieve
your results in a lot of different ways
why it takes some experiment
though you just don't want to shock the
system too much by like you know
watching a youtubers lifestyle and then
trying to copy everything they're doing
your body will not likely react well to
that so just always keep that in mind
when you're watching like other Fitness
influencers is just okay what like small
things can I learn from this not not
overall my lifestyle and do 16-hour
intermittent fasting windows and eat
like tenth and small meals a day right
like that's not realistic and also
there's no protein in this meal so I
don't know how she's gonna hit her
protein goal for the day she felt like
it's gonna have higher protein later but
I would add some protein to this neither
chard II ate eggs because you know 30
more minutes or so just checking
regularly this dinner looks delicious
I love that she is eating lots of
vegetables those are really high in
fiber she has some starchy carbs and
some non starchy so the starchy carbs
are like the root vegetables I think she
had some sweet potato in there it looked
like and that's great to have some
complex carbs she also had some broccoli
which is you know it's you can eat a lot
of broccoli and it doesn't have a lot of
calories in it so it's a higher volume
food it will keep you full fiber it has
lots of micronutrients or lots of
mineral
vitamins that you need in everyday in
your everyday nutrition
and she's getting healthy fats from her
L that she's cooking with and then she's
getting protein from the tofu now in
terms of her choice of protein tofu it's
very safe to eat soy products as a part
of your diet however in the realm of
nutrition with tofu you probably want to
consult with your doctor on if you
should be eating soy products every
single day based on the history in your
family obviously the idea or its heard
the criticism the tofu gets is that it
can act like estrogen in the body and
that can lead to you know other health
issues the actual scientific link is not
100% established but a lot of it is like
you want to have diversity and your
nutrition and your you know to make sure
you get enough vitamins and minerals
from lots of different foods so eating
tofu is fine or if you're eating it for
you know two or three meals per day you
probably want to diversify your protein
sources if you're vegan but in this case
I think it's totally fine and this meals
really PFF balanced so it's gonna keep
her full and satiated and and you know
healthy and in fat burn I also love that
she kind of is just making things up as
she goes for the day but she's
prioritizing protein so she has a lot a
lot of experience tracking macros and
she knows when you know this is also
what I talk about with my clients she
knows looking at foods what is a protein
what's a cardan what's a fat so she can
more easily make recipes on the go like
this that will fit her goals and help
her choose a body composition she was
she just threw together this meal it's
super balanced it's great and I love
that she's just kind of eating you know
what looks good to her and this was a
really easy meal to make to like you
just throw it in the oven leave it for
45 minutes so this is scary and then I'm
going to add
- as well I might add a bit of cross
speak just a tiny bit it's fun just for
sound crunch okay that's a lot of crazy
and probably so she's having a nice
little treat at night I like yogurt kind
of as a dessert and she's getting
protein in this she's getting fiber a
little bit from the blueberries she's
getting probably some fiber in that
granola some a little bit of carbs
obviously it's a less Carvey meal
probably because she's she's probably
eating less you know more she's
front-loading her carbs in the day a
little bit though she had a high carb
dinner she's balancing her meals really
well this one has less carbs I find that
texture is so important for feeling
satiated and this is something I just I
just learned about myself in the last
probably like three months doing my own
fitness challenge
I need crunch if I eat something soft
like a yogurt or a cottage cheese I need
a crunch in there it has to be a crunch
I don't know what it is I just have to
have I have to chew it and so I love
that she's she brought that up like
texture is such a big part of feeling
satiated
so overall she probably I'm gonna guess
that day of eating was like I don't know
1,300 to 1,500 calories it wasn't didn't
seem like a high-calorie day I didn't
see her portion size for dinner maybe
1,500 calories it's probably around her
maybe her maintenance if she just came
off with a cut so which I think she did
so she is you know she's eating she's
eating intuitively she's eating to her
her hunger you know what her hunger is
it's it's pulling her so that's good she
is in that maintenance mode so she's not
stuffing herself she's not dieting so I
think she's in a really good place
I really think her meals were really
healthy this day she's prioritizing
protein she had fun recipes she made
sure she was enjoying her food and
taking time to make
sit down so I think this was a great
video I approve I know that was fun and
yeah what do you guys think of her you
know her nutrition or lifestyle what do
you think of intermittent fasting I want
to hear your thoughts below I would love
to just hear you know could do you think
you could eat this way I do already eat
like Sophie does you balance your meals
tell me everything you think about this
video below and in the comment section
and if you learn something from this
video or you enjoyed it please give it a
like and subscribe for more content
tailored to petite women and I will see
you guys next week bye
[Music]
you